---
layout: default
title: Dive Clubs
---

# Local Area Dive Clubs

[Boston Sea Rovers](http://www.searovers.org) - Home page for the Boston Sea
Rovers.

[New England Aquarium Dive Club](http://www.neadc.org) - Founded in 1975, one of
the largest and most active dive clubs anywhere in the world. They currently
have over 600 members. NEACD meetings are held the third Wednesday of every
month at the New England Aquarium in Boston.

[The North Shore Frogmen](http://www.northshorefrogmen.com") - One New England's
oldest dive clubs, over 40 years in the making !!!

[South Shore Neptunes](http://www.geocities.com/Pipeline/Halfpipe/1127) -
Located in Quincy for over forty years the South Shore Neptunes Dive Club has
attracted members from all over eastern Massachusetts.

[The WPI Scuba Club](http://www.wpi.edu/~scuba/) - This club is more than just
your regular campus club.

[Mass Bay Divers](http://www.massbaydivers.com) - Mass Bay Divers was formed in
1986 and operates in conjunction with the South Shore Divers dive shop, which
also serves as the club's headquarters.

[Moray Wheels Dive Club](http://www.moraywheels.org) - The Moray Wheels is a
non-profit SCUBA club made up of able-bodied and physically disabled divers. It
was formed in 1982 by Gwen Garrett, a physical therapist, and Rusty Murray, a
SCUBA instructor, who shared an interest teaching people with disabilities to
dive. Since then the group has grown to 100+ members and has a mailing list of
over 300.

[Merrimack Valley Dive Club](http://www.mvdc.us/) - The Club meets on the first
Tuesday of each month at 7:30 at the Marriott Courtyard Hotel in Lowell,
Massachusetts.

[MIT Scuba Club](http://www.mit.edu:8001/activities/scuba-club/welcome.html) -
The MIT Scuba Club have done a marvelous job of covering the New England coast
from Rhode Island to Maine. Check out their excellent guide to diving Cape Ann,
MA with color dive site photos and directions.

[The Gillmen](http://www.gillmen.org/) - The oldest dive club in the state of
Connecticut.

[The North Shore Divers Club](http://www.northshorediversclub.com/) - A
non-profit, recreational SCUBA diving club that owns and operates its own dive
boat, the "Sea Lady II".
